D:\Work\SENAI\aulas-tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.deps.json
D:\Work\SENAI\aulas-tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.runtimeconfig.json
D:\Work\SENAI\aulas-tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.runtimeconfig.dev.json
D:\Work\SENAI\aulas-tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.dll
D:\Work\SENAI\aulas-tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.pdb
D:\Work\SENAI\aulas-tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.Views.dll
D:\Work\SENAI\aulas-tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.Views.pdb
D:\Work\SENAI\aulas-tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Work\SENAI\aulas-tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:\Work\SENAI\aulas-tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
D:\Work\SENAI\aulas-tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
D:\Work\SENAI\aulas-tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
D:\Work\SENAI\aulas-tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.AssemblyInfo.cs
D:\Work\SENAI\aulas-tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.TagHelpers.input.cache
D:\Work\SENAI\aulas-tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.TagHelpers.output.cache
D:\Work\SENAI\aulas-tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.RazorCoreGenerate.cache
D:\Work\SENAI\aulas-tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Cadastro\Index.g.cshtml.cs
D:\Work\SENAI\aulas-tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Home\Index.g.cshtml.cs
D:\Work\SENAI\aulas-tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Login\Index.g.cshtml.cs
D:\Work\SENAI\aulas-tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Shared\Error.g.cshtml.cs
D:\Work\SENAI\aulas-tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Shared\_HeaderNavBar.g.cshtml.cs
D:\Work\SENAI\aulas-tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Shared\_Layout.g.cshtml.cs
D:\Work\SENAI\aulas-tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\_ViewImports.g.cshtml.cs
D:\Work\SENAI\aulas-tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\_ViewStart.g.cshtml.cs
D:\Work\SENAI\aulas-tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cache
D:\Work\SENAI\aulas-tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cs
D:\Work\SENAI\aulas-tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.Views.pdb
D:\Work\SENAI\aulas-tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.dll
D:\Work\SENAI\aulas-tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.pdb
D:\Work\SENAI\aulas-tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.csproj.CopyComplete
d:\Work\SENAI\aulas-tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Shared\Sucesso.g.cshtml.cs
d:\Work\SENAI\aulas-tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Pedido\Index.g.cshtml.cs
C:\Users\cesar.felipe\Documents\aulas-senai\curso_tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.deps.json
C:\Users\cesar.felipe\Documents\aulas-senai\curso_tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\cesar.felipe\Documents\aulas-senai\curso_tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.runtimeconfig.dev.json
C:\Users\cesar.felipe\Documents\aulas-senai\curso_tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.dll
C:\Users\cesar.felipe\Documents\aulas-senai\curso_tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.pdb
C:\Users\cesar.felipe\Documents\aulas-senai\curso_tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.Views.dll
C:\Users\cesar.felipe\Documents\aulas-senai\curso_tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.Views.pdb
C:\Users\cesar.felipe\Documents\aulas-senai\curso_tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\cesar.felipe\Documents\aulas-senai\curso_tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\cesar.felipe\Documents\aulas-senai\curso_tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
C:\Users\cesar.felipe\Documents\aulas-senai\curso_tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\cesar.felipe\Documents\aulas-senai\curso_tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\cesar.felipe\Documents\aulas-senai\curso_tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\cesar.felipe\Documents\aulas-senai\curso_tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.TagHelpers.input.cache
C:\Users\cesar.felipe\Documents\aulas-senai\curso_tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.TagHelpers.output.cache
C:\Users\cesar.felipe\Documents\aulas-senai\curso_tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.RazorCoreGenerate.cache
C:\Users\cesar.felipe\Documents\aulas-senai\curso_tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Cadastro\Index.g.cshtml.cs
C:\Users\cesar.felipe\Documents\aulas-senai\curso_tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Home\Index.g.cshtml.cs
C:\Users\cesar.felipe\Documents\aulas-senai\curso_tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Pedido\Index.g.cshtml.cs
C:\Users\cesar.felipe\Documents\aulas-senai\curso_tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Shared\Error.g.cshtml.cs
C:\Users\cesar.felipe\Documents\aulas-senai\curso_tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Shared\Sucesso.g.cshtml.cs
C:\Users\cesar.felipe\Documents\aulas-senai\curso_tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Shared\_HeaderNavBar.g.cshtml.cs
C:\Users\cesar.felipe\Documents\aulas-senai\curso_tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Shared\_Layout.g.cshtml.cs
C:\Users\cesar.felipe\Documents\aulas-senai\curso_tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\_ViewImports.g.cshtml.cs
C:\Users\cesar.felipe\Documents\aulas-senai\curso_tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\_ViewStart.g.cshtml.cs
C:\Users\cesar.felipe\Documents\aulas-senai\curso_tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cache
C:\Users\cesar.felipe\Documents\aulas-senai\curso_tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\cesar.felipe\Documents\aulas-senai\curso_tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.Views.pdb
C:\Users\cesar.felipe\Documents\aulas-senai\curso_tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.dll
C:\Users\cesar.felipe\Documents\aulas-senai\curso_tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.pdb
C:\Users\cesar.felipe\Documents\aulas-senai\curso_tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\cesar.felipe\Documents\aulas-senai\curso_tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Cliente\Historico.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\cesar.felipe\Documents\aulas-senai\curso_tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Cliente\Login.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\cesar.felipe\Documents\aulas-senai\curso_tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Shared\Falha.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\cesar.felipe\Documents\aulas-senai\curso_tecnico\1s2019-T1\C#\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Shared\_HeaderHomePage.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\alexandre.fukaya\OneDrive\Documents\Consultoria\Senai\Tecnico Desenvolvimento de Sistemas - Sem1\SourceCode\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\alexandre.fukaya\OneDrive\Documents\Consultoria\Senai\Tecnico Desenvolvimento de Sistemas - Sem1\SourceCode\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\alexandre.fukaya\OneDrive\Documents\Consultoria\Senai\Tecnico Desenvolvimento de Sistemas - Sem1\SourceCode\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\alexandre.fukaya\OneDrive\Documents\Consultoria\Senai\Tecnico Desenvolvimento de Sistemas - Sem1\SourceCode\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\alexandre.fukaya\OneDrive\Documents\Consultoria\Senai\Tecnico Desenvolvimento de Sistemas - Sem1\SourceCode\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\alexandre.fukaya\OneDrive\Documents\Consultoria\Senai\Tecnico Desenvolvimento de Sistemas - Sem1\SourceCode\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\alexandre.fukaya\OneDrive\Documents\Consultoria\Senai\Tecnico Desenvolvimento de Sistemas - Sem1\SourceCode\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.TagHelpers.input.cache
c:\Users\alexandre.fukaya\OneDrive\Documents\Consultoria\Senai\Tecnico Desenvolvimento de Sistemas - Sem1\SourceCode\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.TagHelpers.output.cache
c:\Users\alexandre.fukaya\OneDrive\Documents\Consultoria\Senai\Tecnico Desenvolvimento de Sistemas - Sem1\SourceCode\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.RazorCoreGenerate.cache
c:\Users\alexandre.fukaya\OneDrive\Documents\Consultoria\Senai\Tecnico Desenvolvimento de Sistemas - Sem1\SourceCode\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.dll
c:\Users\alexandre.fukaya\OneDrive\Documents\Consultoria\Senai\Tecnico Desenvolvimento de Sistemas - Sem1\SourceCode\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.pdb
c:\Users\alexandre.fukaya\OneDrive\Documents\Consultoria\Senai\Tecnico Desenvolvimento de Sistemas - Sem1\SourceCode\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Cadastro\Index.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\alexandre.fukaya\OneDrive\Documents\Consultoria\Senai\Tecnico Desenvolvimento de Sistemas - Sem1\SourceCode\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Cliente\Historico.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\alexandre.fukaya\OneDrive\Documents\Consultoria\Senai\Tecnico Desenvolvimento de Sistemas - Sem1\SourceCode\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Cliente\Login.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\alexandre.fukaya\OneDrive\Documents\Consultoria\Senai\Tecnico Desenvolvimento de Sistemas - Sem1\SourceCode\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Home\Index.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\alexandre.fukaya\OneDrive\Documents\Consultoria\Senai\Tecnico Desenvolvimento de Sistemas - Sem1\SourceCode\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Pedido\Index.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\alexandre.fukaya\OneDrive\Documents\Consultoria\Senai\Tecnico Desenvolvimento de Sistemas - Sem1\SourceCode\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Shared\Error.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\alexandre.fukaya\OneDrive\Documents\Consultoria\Senai\Tecnico Desenvolvimento de Sistemas - Sem1\SourceCode\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Shared\Falha.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\alexandre.fukaya\OneDrive\Documents\Consultoria\Senai\Tecnico Desenvolvimento de Sistemas - Sem1\SourceCode\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Shared\Sucesso.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\alexandre.fukaya\OneDrive\Documents\Consultoria\Senai\Tecnico Desenvolvimento de Sistemas - Sem1\SourceCode\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Shared\_HeaderHomePage.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\alexandre.fukaya\OneDrive\Documents\Consultoria\Senai\Tecnico Desenvolvimento de Sistemas - Sem1\SourceCode\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Shared\_Layout.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\alexandre.fukaya\OneDrive\Documents\Consultoria\Senai\Tecnico Desenvolvimento de Sistemas - Sem1\SourceCode\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\_ViewImports.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\alexandre.fukaya\OneDrive\Documents\Consultoria\Senai\Tecnico Desenvolvimento de Sistemas - Sem1\SourceCode\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\_ViewStart.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\alexandre.fukaya\OneDrive\Documents\Consultoria\Senai\Tecnico Desenvolvimento de Sistemas - Sem1\SourceCode\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\alexandre.fukaya\OneDrive\Documents\Consultoria\Senai\Tecnico Desenvolvimento de Sistemas - Sem1\SourceCode\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\alexandre.fukaya\OneDrive\Documents\Consultoria\Senai\Tecnico Desenvolvimento de Sistemas - Sem1\SourceCode\Hamburgueria\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.deps.json
C:\Users\alexandre.fukaya\OneDrive\Documents\Consultoria\Senai\Tecnico Desenvolvimento de Sistemas - Sem1\SourceCode\Hamburgueria\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\alexandre.fukaya\OneDrive\Documents\Consultoria\Senai\Tecnico Desenvolvimento de Sistemas - Sem1\SourceCode\Hamburgueria\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.runtimeconfig.dev.json
C:\Users\alexandre.fukaya\OneDrive\Documents\Consultoria\Senai\Tecnico Desenvolvimento de Sistemas - Sem1\SourceCode\Hamburgueria\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.dll
C:\Users\alexandre.fukaya\OneDrive\Documents\Consultoria\Senai\Tecnico Desenvolvimento de Sistemas - Sem1\SourceCode\Hamburgueria\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.pdb
C:\Users\alexandre.fukaya\OneDrive\Documents\Consultoria\Senai\Tecnico Desenvolvimento de Sistemas - Sem1\SourceCode\Hamburgueria\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.Views.dll
C:\Users\alexandre.fukaya\OneDrive\Documents\Consultoria\Senai\Tecnico Desenvolvimento de Sistemas - Sem1\SourceCode\Hamburgueria\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.Views.pdb
C:\Users\alexandre.fukaya\OneDrive\Documents\Consultoria\Senai\Tecnico Desenvolvimento de Sistemas - Sem1\SourceCode\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.Views.pdb
C:\Users\alexandre.fukaya\OneDrive\Documents\Consultoria\Senai\Tecnico Desenvolvimento de Sistemas - Sem1\SourceCode\Hamburgueria\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Hamburgueria.csproj.CopyComplete
